For this soundscape I wanted to emulate the sounds of going on a walk through Oakland and Schenley Park. Throughout the past year or so, I would go on long walks through Schenley to clear my mind and get fresh air, which was extremely essential for me during the height of the pandemic when we could barely even go get coffee. These walks were somewhat of an escape for me—it would give me an hour or so to just not think about anything that was going on or stressing me out, I just walked through nature and relaxed. This is the feeling I want to give to the listeners: a relaxing escape from reality. I recorded an audio of myself closing and locking my front door, and then with downloaded sounds I put together walking on pavement, which would be from my house to the park, walking through a forest sound, which represents going through the Park itself, then back to pavement until the end, where I'd be returning to my house. I also included sounds of birds chirping and creeks flowing, to add to the effect of being out in nature. On all tracks except the first one that is heard, which is the one i recorded myself, I used the fade in and fade out effects at the beginning and end, respectively, so that when it went from one track to another, everything flowed together nicely and didn’t sound super choppy. One challenge I had to deal with was figuring out how to change the format of the recording I took on my phone and airdropped to my computer to be readable in audacity. For whatever reason, it didn’t transfer as an mp3 or mp4 when I got the file on my computer, so I had to mess around with it for a while to try to figure it out. I simply got nowhere on my own so I had to google it, and it was a pretty easy fix; however it caused me a lot of stress and made me very frustrated because it was just so simple and I couldn’t figure it out on my own. Another challenge I faced was deciding how I wanted to put the project together. Initially, I had wanted to mostly record my own sounds actually on a walk in Schenley Park so it could be as close to the real thing as possible. The days leading up to when this was due it was raining a lot so I was unable to do that and I had to flip around everything I had planned on doing and download most of the sounds. Further, I re-sprained my ankle for the umpteenth time, so even after it had stopped raining I couldn’t put much pressure on my foot. Luckily, this was an easy thing to accomplish, but the rain and my injured ankle threw a wrench in my initial plans. From my full draft to this final for now, I didn't add any other tracks, so my sources page from the last draft is the same as it would be for now.